hello James here hanging out in the
kitchen and today I'm planning on making
an appetizer what I'm gonna make is a
escargot appetizer so I've purchased a
small can of escargot at a finer
supermarket and you can also find puff
pastry there it comes frozen so I've
pulled some of my puff pastry out and
then I'm letting it fall for about 40
minutes and in the meantime I'm gonna
make some whipped garlic butter for my
escargot and today I'm gonna do a batch
using two sticks of butter I don't use
precise measurements that's just the way
I cook so I've diced up some garlic and
I'm gonna put some garlic in the butter
hence the name garlic butter and some
parsley from my garden and I'll put some
parsley in the butter so I put a little
bit of low sauce in there use a
seasoning salt I like to squeeze a
little bit of lime into there so I'm
just gonna use make sure I don't get any
seeds too little corners a lime in there
and that should do it
and also I need to do is put my bowl in
and I put this paddle on there lock it
down
start it off kind of slow
I'm going to prep the escargot for my
application and this happens to have a
very easy opening top it's a lot of
fluid it that they're in so what I'll do
is all we're going to just strain them
like this
and I give them a quick little rinse off
nice big escargot and I'll just keep
them in the bowl like what andthat's
cargo looks like this is a snail it's
common brown snail in the United States
they weren't so common before actually
they were brought over by a French
entrepreneur that was going to introduce
escargot to the United States and they
weren't ready for it yet so he went boss
ended up letting the snails go and they
became a species in the United States
your garden snail is an ancestor of that
French entrepreneur that brought the
snails over now my wife is a vegetarian
and so she doesn't eat snails so I'm
gonna be making some mushroom stuffed
puff pastry snacks for her using the
garlic butter okay here we go
my puff pastry has thought out it comes
in a box folded up in thirds so I unfold
it like this I've put it on some wax
paper put a little flour underneath it
and I'm gonna use a rolling pin and get
a little bit more size out of it and I'm
not going to over roll it I'm just going
to flatten it out oh I've taken the puff
pastry and I've sliced it into thirds
I'm going to make one with the mushrooms
and two with the ass avoiding
cross-contamination of the escargot and
the mushrooms I'm going to
start out with the mushrooms first so I
have made a little egg wash to help
stick things together and I'm going to
brush it along the edge of the puff
pastry
egg wash works like a glue
then I will place
a mushroom over here usually some of my
garlic butter for the seasoning I'll
just put a very generous dollop of
butter on top of each mushroom now puff
pastry's loaded with fat and delicious
isn't good and this butter makes it
decadent I'm gonna fold it over like so
and just press it down as this stuff
gets soft it gets a little harder to
work with but we'll be good and just for
a little show I have this ravioli maker
and I'm going to locate the mushroom and
kind of score in where the mushroom is
you
I'm going to go ahead and use the
remaining egg wash for the top of the
appetizers
you
it only took 15 minutes the appetizers
are ready all this left to do is the
plating
we have put a little dish in marinara
sauce homemade out of our garden and I'm
gonna lightly brush the top of these
pastries with some garlic butter or hot
those are good I was a good